How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	When diff between two versions of a file were seen, it was clearly visible 
	line by line what changes has been made and what bugs were introduced.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having access to entire history of a file make one a more efficient
    programmer in long term because history will allow the programmer to find 
    out which bugs were introduced by him while writing a very long and complex
    program.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pro of mannual commit is that each version will have some logic in it and
    will not create any error but the con is that we have to reprtitively commit
    version, if we forget to commit then we might lose our data. Pro of automatic
    commit is that we don't have to worry about commiting and con is that each 
    version might not show any logic and might produce some errors.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    some version control systems allow saving multiple files in one commit because
    the whole bunch of files may be affected in one commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log wil give the commits made by the programmer and git diff will show the
    changes that has been made

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Using version control will make us more confident to make changes because if
    we break anything we will have previous version in order to undo it.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use Git for my android projects.
